-: Welcome back.
As part of step six,
we are going to test the order in
context path based routing.
So let me close all these things, three apps here.
And let's come back to our GitHub repository
and go back to our visual studio code
and in 04 ALB ingress context path based routing.
So you'll find something here called in path based routing,
order is very important.
So if we are going to use slash star
which is the root context at the end
or our root context, right?
slash star or you can also say this as root context.
Try to use it at the end of all the rules.
So that is very important.
So if you don't define root context at the end
and then if you define that as the first one, right?
So what happens, we are going to see now, right?
So we have moved the root context on the top
and after that we have defined app one and then app two.
So now what we are going to do is we'll go to the terminal
and we'll say kubectl apply -f kube manifest.
So we have changed the ingress service
and slightly reordered the context path based routing,
root context we have moved to the top
and we are redeploying the kube manifest
for ingress service.
So no changes for app one nginx deployment
or nord port service.
Same for app one, app two and app three.
But for ingress CPR demo,
so there is a change so it has reconfigured it.
So now let's come back here and go to CPR ingress
and go to the listeners here and open the rules.
So earlier you have seen slash app one and app two
are the one, two and this one is going to be the third one
but now this is the first one.
So now let's see what happens, right?
So let's go back here and access it
so you can access it here.
And what happens is for app one and app two,
the request will fail,
but for a root context it is going to pass.
So let's see what happens.
And after that we'll discuss more.
So I'll say kubectl get ingress
and copy the address here
and go here and say
slash app one slash index.html.
This is coming from the cache, browser cache.
So I'll say here incognito
and I'll provide this and slash app slash index.html.
So it is saying that 404 not found.
what exactly is that right, right?
Slash app two slash index.html
and 404 not found
and we'll access that root context
and it should work.
See the root context one which is the app three one,
it worked as expected,
but for app one and app two it didn't work.
So what is happening here is, so let me go back here
and what is happening is any request
coming with any context path including slash,
it is going to only app three nginx.
Why because, this is the priority one rule defined here.
So it never goes to the app one nginx related target group
or app two related target groups.
Always the first rule with root context takes the priority
and it matches here.
So slash comes it'll go to app three.
Slash app one also is part of slash star only, right?
So it goes to app three
and slash app two, also part of slash star, right?
It goes to app three nginx related target group.
And in app three nginx related port,
we don't have anything with context
app one and then app two.
So that's the reason,
so from this respective app three nginx part
we are getting the 404 error like this.
So that is what happened.
So now let's go back to our visual studio code
and change the thing here, right?
Roll back whatever we have implemented now
and come back and paste it back.
So this is one thing for important discussion.
What is that?
In pah based at routing, order is very important.
If you are going to use root context
try to use it at the end of all rules.
That is one thing
and another important thing we need to discuss here.
So with this we have completed what we have implemented
Right, so roll back the change, it is completed
and if you want you can clean up whatever you have created.
So cleanup is very important.
kubectl delete -f cube manifests.
So why because it is creating
a application load balancer for us
and application load balancer costs a lot
if you don't clean up properly.
So now we have successfully deleted all our app one,
app two, app three nginx related deployments
and nord port services and also our ingress CPR demo.
So which means if you go back here and refresh
so you should not find any ingress service.
But another important thing we need to discuss here is
instead of root context, also
if you want you can also enable
directly that default backend.
So you can comment this part
or remove this part and uncomment this part.
So default backend is nothing but
anything with root context, it,
or anything with any other context other than
slash app one and slash app two goes to the default backend,
same as root context only, right?
So you can also use default backend if you want to use it.
So this completes the ingress context path
based routing demo.
In our next lecture we are going to focus on
another ingress concept.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.